Saturday president Trump celebrates his
first year in office it's been almost a
year since the inauguration even though
it seems like it's like dog years it
seems like so many more president
Trump's approval rating according to the
polls that were released today is that
37% which isn't great but that was a
poll of adults I want to see what kids
thought of his first year in office so
we stopped some children out on the
street we asked them how is the
president doing and their answers went
exactly like this
[Music]
how do you think Trump is done in his
first year in office great what do you
think he's done it so great
to save the world he saved the world
from what from harmony has done a good
job in his first year as president no
why not um because he wants to put a
wall over Mexico and I like love going
to Mexico what's the first thing you
think of when I say Donald Trump small
fingers face what's the worst thing he's
done mmm I think he needs to stop
threatening North Korea why cuz I don't
want to get new what's the first thing
you think of when you hear Donald Trump
um pictures pictures of what a princess
is princesses do you think he's smart
no why not he treats people Bali and
that's why I don't think he's smart
what's one nice thing you can say about
Donald Trump
he has kind of cool hair I think he was
cool hair whose hair is cooler his or
yours mine Don from has a lot of
nicknames for people like crooked
Hillary rocket man do you have a
nickname for him poop face cheetah
can you do an impression of him it's
gonna be great we are gonna build a wall
and it will be huge I will build a wall
a big one Jonah Jonah Jonah here's three
four dollars can you do an impression of
the president for us
[Applause]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies